Gar-T5 reproduction (#1053)
castorini/pyserini: docs/experiment-gar-t5.md

> # Pyserini: Gar-BART for NQ and TriviaQA query expansions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pyserini: GAR-T5 enhanced retrieval for NQ and TriviaQA
```

> This guide provides instructions to reproduce the GAR-T5 model described in the following paper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides instructions to reproduce the search results of our GAR-T5 model which takes inspiration from the following paper:
```

> Mao, Y., He, P., Liu, X., Shen, Y., Gao, J., Han, J., & Chen, W. (2020). [Generation-augmented retrieval for open-domain question answering](https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.08553). arXiv preprint arXiv:2009.08553.

We first need to download the test dataset for evaluation. For both NQ and TriviaQA, there are three types of query generation targets, answer, title and sentence.

## Get the Dataset as tsv
Download the dataset from HuggingFace and use script to process it to a .tsv file 
```bash
export ANSERINI=path to anserini

> python scripts/gar/query_augmentation_tsv.py --dataset <nq or trivia> --data_path <not needed if anserini is in the same folder as pyserini> --data_split <validation or test> --output_path <default is augmented_topics.tsv> --sentences <optional> --titles <optional> --answers <optional>

Reviewer: can you give the path like $ANSERINI instead?

```

To run fusion RRF, you will need all three (answers, titles, sentences) trec files
```bash

> python -m $ANSERINI/src/main/python/fusion.py --runs <path to answers.trec> <path to sentences.trec> <path to titles.trec> --out <output path>

Reviewer: Does this need to be moved to the end, seems odd here before searching.

## Evaluation

> To evaluate the augmented queries, we need to concatenate and convert them into .tsv format for Pyserini to convert to .trec and evaluate based on the generated .json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate the augmented queries, we need to concatenate and convert them into .tsv format for us to run BM25-search on Pyserini, which is then converted to .json format as required for evaluation.
```

> without specifying the output path, the default output will be augmented_topics.tsv in the current folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without specifying the output path, the default output will be an `augmented_topics.tsv` file in the working directory.
```

> once we have the tsv file, we can proceed to search and evaluation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have the tsv file, we can proceed to run search and evaluation
```
